{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset128 HiraginoSans-W3;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Header\
\
tagline: We're getting married!\
headline: Zoe & Alex\
date: August 1, 2018\
\
Locations\
\
ceremony: St. Nicholas Church, 2 Trinity Square, Budapest\
photos: Liberty Bastion, 23 Wisdom Road, Budapest\
party: Heaven Lounge, 14 Fairy Street, Budapest\
\
Program\
\
tagline: "It's going to be somehow, that's for sure."\
times:\
  13:45 \'96 Wedding ceremony\
  14:30 \'96 Photos\
  16:00 \'96 Cocktails\
  18:00 \'96 Dinner\
  22:00 \'96 Cake\
  ... - 4:00 \'96 Dance until dawn\
\
Gifts:\
\
tagline: The greatest gift for us is to have you there.\
paragraph: Please, just bring yourself and have fun with us.\
\
Questions and Answers\
\
travel and accomodations:\
\
  Will there be some kind of organized transfer?\
  No, we'll just meet at the church at 13:15.\
\
  Where can I park?\
  Parking is free on the weekends in the 1st district. The locations are close to each other so you won't need your car.\
\
  How can I get home at night?\
  The 916 bus is in service all night at the castle and it hits every major traffic hub in the city.\
\
food and festivities:\
\
  I'd like to do some kind of surprise for you guys at the party. To whom should I talk about this?\
  Discuss it with Abigail Smith. Just drop her an email at abigail@awesomemail.com.\
\
  What should I wear? Do you have a dress code?\
  Wear what's comfortable to you. If it helps smart casual / business casual for the ladies and smart casual / informal for the gentlemen are perfect options.\
\
  I would like some kind of special food (gluten-free, lactose-free, vegan etc.)\
  Drop us a line here and we'll find a way.\
\
other small stuff:\
\
  I have a problem / question on the wedding day. With whom can I speak?\
  Jared Wright on this number: +36 30 000 0000.\
\
  Can we bring kids?\
  Sure! We planned a whole toy / sweets corner for them.\
\
  How do you feel about dogs? Can I bring mine?\
  We love dogs and you can absolutely bring yours. The Heaven Lounge is a dog-friendly place.\
\
Contact\
\
paragraph: If you have any questions feel free to call / write us.\
phone (Zoe): +36 30 000 0000\
phone (Alex): +36 30 000 0000\
email: zoeandalex@awesomemail.com\
\
Footer\
\
paragraph: Made with 
\f1 \uc0\u9829 
\f0  in Budapest \'a92018 | Icons by Becris (CC 3.0 BY)\
link to artist: http://www.flaticon.com/authors/becris\
link to license: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/}